hello everyone and welcome once again to
the China history podcast for the past
six months we've been chronicling the
history of China from the Shah and Shang
Dynasty where recorded history began
down through the ages and now we have
reached the last of the 20 or so odd
dynasties of Imperial China the Ching
dynasty ran from 1644 to 1911 and that's
the last dynasty last week we saw how
the manchu set themselves up in china
the early years of the Ching saw quite a
bit of turbulence as the politics swung
back and forth between pro Chinese
Manchus and anti Chinese but once the
kunshi emperor comes into his own the
country slips into high gear and by
almost any account was the most admired
and the richest nation on the planet the
time of the three great Qing Emperor's
Kang XI Yong Chun and Chien long was a
period spanning over 13 decades pretty
much since the time of the Han Dynasty
China has been up and down China would
reach all kinds of amazing heights
during the Han the tongue and the Ming
and other times in between but the first
hundred years of the Ching was a very
good time in China the country and the
civilization had the respect and
admiration of the world as news and
information spread more easily in the
18th century than ever before more
people came to learn about China
chinoiserie was all the rage and even
the common people might even dress up
their humble digs with some porcelain
bell or sandalwood fan or if they were
swells maybe a blue and white Jean de
Jong teapot the finest silk in the world
was called Shandong silk that came from
Shandong Province the most prized cotton
was called Nanking and of course the
blue and white ceramics were iconic of
everything that Westerners saw in China
exotic faraway and highly refined under
kunshi China boomed the population
continued its rapid growth going back to
the Ming Dynasty China was by far
already the most populous nation on
earth
a whole slew of practical reforms were
carried out under Kang XI that led to
prosperity and forward progress for most
of the six decades of his reign and then
after doing so many brilliant things the
cutting sheet Emperor dies without
naming an heir from amongst his 20 sons
so you can guess what happened well one
of those sons was able to use his
particular advantages especially with
his military connections to get himself
onto the throne and this young Chung
Emperor the fourth son of Kang XI he
becomes the new emperor amidst all kinds
of rumor and suspicion regarding his
alleged usurpation of the throne he
turned out to be a decent Emperor so
from a Machiavellian sense I suppose
it's not a bad thing that he sort of
grabbed the throne following his
father's death this Emperor was sort of
a buffer between kunshi and chin long
cotton she and his grandson Chien long
both ruled for 60 years of peace but the
Emperor we are going to look at today
the Yong Chun Emperor he reigned for
just shy of 13 years from 1723 to 1735
my American comrades across this great
land might know that the father of our
country George Washington was born
during this reign of the Yong Chun
Emperor as the Yong Chun Emperor's era
began it was the closing years of peter
the great splendid reign and russia and
Louis the 15th was the king of France
the Yong Chun Emperor liked all
Emperor's had a personal name Yong Chun
a posthumous or a temple name shirts on
and of course his era name by which we
will refer to him Yong Chun since the
Yong Chun Emperor was a Manchu he also
of course had other names as well the
young drum emperor was no young pup when
he took the throne he was already a
trained and wise and 44 year old man to
have survived the rat race going on
between all the various factions that
surrounded many of Connie she's 20
surviving sons was a feat in itself
he had to be intelligent capable and
exhibit good leadership skills to come
out on top
amidst so much competition he was
forever wary of his dubious ascension to
the throne and any brothers who he felt
were a threat to him he locked them up
in prison along with their families of
course there is a story that says
allegedly the throne was supposed to be
passed to the fourteenth son according
to cauchy's will but by cleverly
changing one single Chinese character on
the well by adding a single stroke Yong
Chun became the official heir but
everyone suspected him after that the
Yong Chun Emperor wasn't a flashy guy or
taken to any outrageous acts of
buffoonery or anything like that
what really defined the Yong Chun
Emperor was his attention to the details
of administering the government of all
the ching emperors no one was a skilled
a manager of the levers of state than
him he was as great an administrator as
he was an innovator of government now he
was also very cruel cold-blooded and
autocratic when he wanted to be but the
machinery of government never ran better
than during this Emperor's brief reign
among his obsessions was curbing
inefficiency and corruption efficiency
and honesty and government was what the
Yong Chun Emperor devoted himself to as
far as reforming the tax collection out
in the rural areas there too he put in a
working system even the elites of
society felt the squeeze but revenue
came pouring into the Treasury and
amounts unheard of before in China and
this vast wealth and revenues
accumulated during the reign of Yong
Chun was one of the direct causes of the
glory seen under his son and successor
the Qianlong Emperor now one of the ways
this Emperor was so good at running
things is because he utilized a system
began under his father the kunshi
Emperor these were called secret Palace
memorials memorials were basically
petitions was a written statement of
facts along with some kind of request
that someone from below was seeking from
someone from above Confucian bureaucrats
had traditionally controlled this whole
system but Kang XI he learned not to
entirely trust this system and so he
began to deal
and Palace memorials that were for his
eyes only or maybe someone he might
designate it was for important matters
between someone who the Emperor trusted
and with the Emperor himself personally
in other words when this memorial was
handed to the Emperor it was still
sealed and only the Emperor read it then
he would dip his brush into a Vermillion
ink that was used exclusively by the
Emperor and he would write his comments
and instructions directly onto the
document then it would be sealed up and
sent along to its ultimate destination
and the stood the yung-chun Emperor
ruled his empire and cut through
magnitudes of red tape we could only
imagine this is how the matter of
Taxation was cleaned up in the
countryside through this system of
secret Palace memorials the Emperor
found out how corrupt and venal the
officials were out in the rural areas
and he was able to replace these corrupt
officials with those he trusted then
once good people were in place the
Emperor saw to it that their salaries
were increased which they called quote
nourishing honesty the system then
worked as it was supposed to part of the
taxes raised actually went to the county
coffers to support things like
irrigation works roads schools bridges
and other needs particular to the
countryside it truly was a testament to
this Emperor that he was able to get so
many crucial and necessary things done
we've seen throughout Chinese history
how there were so many Emperor's who
although they loved the perks were
utterly bored and uninterested with the
job of being Emperor the young young
Emperor ranks among the best of the best
when it came to administration and
managing the levers of state not only
did this method cut through all the red
tape and get things done faster but it
was also a great tool of intimidation
that the Emperor used against not only
the Confucian bureaucrats at court but
the always scheming Manchu Nobles as
well like his father the Yong Chun
Emperor was known to stay up till all
hours of the night reading these
memorials and writing all his comments
many of these palace documents by the
way survived to this day another
achievement of
yung-chun Emperor worth noting was his
sponsorship of the GU Jing to shuji Chun
this was a complete collection of
basically everything that had ever been
written since the earliest times to the
present the purpose was to unite five
millennia of Chinese culture into a
single work it was sort of a massive
encyclopedia the equivalent of eight
hundred thousand pages long and using a
hundred million Chinese characters it
was begun under his father the kunshi
Emperor and the management of the
project was trusted to one of young
Jun's brothers who one of them he
couldn't stand so after the brother
spends all this time putting this
massive work together Yong Chun then
goes and scratches his name off the list
and credits the work to the Kangxi
Emperor instead in the area of Foreign
Relations Yong Chun continued stable
relations with Russia new treaties were
signed in 1727 1728 and good relations
were kept with the Russians as a way to
keep them from forming any kind of
friendship alliance with the dreaded
younger Mongols these were boy rots from
the western part of Mongolia which
constituted the northwestern fringe of
the Qing Empire if you recall from the
last podcast the Xoom gar Mongols and
their fearsome leader Gul Dan were
defeated by the forces led by Kang XI
gaulden died in 1697 but again as people
were now making a resurgence and it was
most unsettling to the Ching in 1716
1717 the young gars invaded tibet and
work causing the chang all kinds of
grief out there so the young Chung
Emperor inherits this unstable situation
out in the western frontier zuv the
Empire during his reign he had to go to
all kinds of lace to pacify them cajole
them into submission with various kinds
of truces and diplomatic measures they
were a constant stone in the Qing
government's boots until the time of the
next Emperor when we'll see the young
guards finally defeated whereas the
Kangxi Emperor was an outdoorsman who
loved the hunt and to be on the back of
a horse and wide-open spaces the young
young Emperor he liked to stay put never
engaged in the kinds of
grand tours of the south that his father
famously did the Yong Chun Emperor's
main forms a recreation revolved around
his devotion to Lama Buddhism this
Emperor wasn't a big fan of the Catholic
Church he tolerated the hemant as much
as he was interested in their science
and technology so the Catholics were
welcome except for the religion part one
particular incident was recorded in
history that involved two Jesuit priests
who were hunting for some big game in
the form of the Emperor himself the idea
was to convert the Emperor and sort of
turn him into a kind of Constantine the
Great or something now in order to bring
the Emperor over to the one true faith
it involved a lot of behind-the-scenes
work these Jesuits colluded with some
palace officials and they communicated
in a written code that used the Roman
alphabet well generally to make a long
story short they were found out and made
to answer for all these secret messages
being passed back and forth and remember
going back to the very beginning of his
reign the emperor was particularly
paranoid about his position as Emperor
and always kept an eagle eye out for
anyone who exhibited the slightest kind
of disloyalty in the worst thing you can
do was call him a usurper well it was
bad luck for the Jesuits and that the
one brother of the Emperor who they were
in cahoots with was the one that young
junk particularly distrusted so you can
imagine what he was thinking in short
this didn't result in an all-out ban of
Catholicism but let's just say that this
yung-chun era was one in which the
church most definitely did not thrive
and they kept their heads down and
stayed out of politics and avoided
forming any factions let's take another
look at something that reveals the
character of this emperor there was
something called the Luoyang affair
luolian was a scholar who wrote his
blisteringly anti manchu works in the
late 17th century
he died in 1683 but his works that were
very anti Manchu and also very
disparaging of central Asians as well
nonetheless you could imagine under the
Manchu Ching yo
the Han Chinese saw a good deal of merit
in these works there was a young teacher
named Zhang Qing who was very impacted
by these writings and it filled his head
with all kinds of crazy ideas in his
enthusiasm and naivete he approached a
local general named yet Joan Qi who
feigned interest in the plan to
overthrow the Manchus and take China
back to the Chinese and of course he
dredged up all the old talk about how
the Emperor was all along a usurper and
yet Tung Chee
spills the beans to the Emperor in 1730
who then goes and schools himself in
these writings by ulil young and he is
totally appalled by what he reads that
came as a shock to the Emperor that's
still after all these years people were
still talking about this usurpation
thing and he had such strong sentiments
against the Manchus so the Emperor
personally passes judgment on this
matter and does three things first he
has the gray value Leo Liang dug up and
has his body exhumed and dismembered
then any surviving members of Yoos
family were either enslaved or exiled to
the frontier regions the second thing he
did was write a long angry and detailed
rebuttal to lose writings and using all
his writing skills gives what he
considers clear proof that he the Yong
Chun Emperor was the heir to the Kangxi
Emperor then the last thing he does is
to show what a benevolent Confucian
sovereign he was he pardons Sun King
with only a reprimand calling him young
careless and impressionable it's right
about now during the reign of the Yong
Chun Emperor that the whole matter of
opium addiction on a massive scale
starts to rare its ugly head now opium
smoking has been going around since the
11th century but with the introduction
and widespread popularity of tobacco in
China in the 17th century along with all
these new opium smoking techniques that
had come from Taiwan it really starts to
surge right about now maduk was all the
rage now in China
maduk was a mixture of opium and tobacco
yung-chun sees this and in 1729 he acts
quickly now we didn't have the opium war
yet and the so-called foreign mud hadn't
quite yet acquired the reputation that
later would under the next emperor the
emperor declares a ban on opium but
there wasn't any past precedent about
how to deal with this so measures were
taken to deal with this
it included treating both dealers and
users harshly dealers had to wear the
king for a month and then they were
banished to the frontier now the king or
mucha as it was also called and Mandarin
was like a was like a yoke worn around a
person's neck that was very very heavy
unlike the pillory which was our closest
Western equivalent the King wasn't fixed
to the ground and had to be carried
around wherever the offender went on the
wooden surface would be listed the
person's name his crimes and where he
had come from this was a very common
form of Chinese corporal punishment and
you saw it all the way into the 20th
century users and growers who were
arrested faced punishment like you know
hundred strokes of the cane well these
measures made some headway as far as
curbing this vise it hardly stopped it
and as we all know from a much much
earlier podcast on the opium war this
drug to reap all kinds of social
problems and humiliation on China to
show his social progressive stripes this
Emperor liberated the so called
mean people these were not people who
were mean in the sense of hateful or
malicious but rather mean in the sense
of humble origins or low and social
status I suppose you could call them
sort of hereditary Untouchables like you
might see in India they were terribly
discriminated against and a career in
government was right out no chance of
that and they couldn't even participate
in the civil service exams these people
who live this mean existence included
the singers and musicians who played at
funerals and weddings particularly those
from Shaanxi and Shaanxi there were also
these hereditary servants and beggars
who came from on clay and choong-soo
thrown in were also all manner of boat
men oyster fishermen pearl divers and
mixed in as well you had
hot dwellers who gathered hemp and
indigo near the judge on Fujian border
near when Cho these were amongst the so
called mean people of China and between
17 23 and 1731 the Yong Chun Emperor
with the stroke of a mouth P or writing
brush issued a bunch of decrees ending
discrimination against them sadly
although this ended legal discrimination
against these people things more or less
continued on for a number of social
reasons another reason the chief among
them were well people's attitudes were
about as easy to change in Qing Dynasty
China as they are today in the 21st
century so another reason was that after
so many generations and generations of
engaging in these careers that's that's
pretty much all they knew how to do so
an oyster fisherman isn't suddenly going
to declare himself a candidate for the
civil service and start preparing for
that first exam the Yong Chun Emperor
died suddenly after a 13 year reign in
1735 some say he died from the
exhaustion brought on by his daily
industry he was such a hard-working
Emperor that he simply worked himself to
death and so the second of the three
great Qing Emperor's passes from the
scene and next we have his fourth son
who brings the Ching to its peak the
famous Qin loan Emperor lots to talk
about with this Emperor the Yong Chun
Emperor was determined not to botch his
succession like his father the Kangxi
Emperor did when he died without naming
a clear successor therefore the Yong
Chun Emperor went to great lengths to
make sure there was no dispute and who
succeeded him on the throne the Qianlong
emperor was known to be the favorite
grandson of Kang XI and the favored son
of Yong Chun although there were rivals
the last thing the Yong Chun Emperor did
before he passed was to make sure that
she and long emperor didn't suffer the
same fate he did with doubters about his
legitimacy we're gonna try our best to
squeeze the long reign of the Qianlong
Emperor into a single episode the Ching
reaches its zenith as far as territorial
expansion and world
economic and intellectual power during
his reign after this it'll be six
marching Emperor's and we're through
today's podcast runs a little shorter
than usual
I wanted to wait until next week and
dedicate an entire episode just to the
Qianlong Emperor what more can I say
except this is your humble narrator
Laszlo Montgomery signing off from good
old Claremont California wishing
everyone the very best wherever you may
be please join us next week won't you
for another exciting episode of the
China history podcast